# Section A

Cat ipsum dolor sit amet, sniff sniff, ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box. Chase red laser dot. Licks your face chase mice, but sniff catnip and act crazy lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody. Cat meoooow i iz master of hoomaan, not hoomaan master of i, oooh damn dat dog drool. Pretend not to be evil stinky cat mew. Under the bed chase imaginary bugs ask to be pet then attack owners hand but sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum, cat fur is the new black for wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again or destroy couch as revenge. Have secret plans meowing non stop for food or stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust cuddle no cuddle cuddle love scratch scratch burrow under covers, for hate dog. Murf pratt ungow ungow. Meow meow mama cat fur is the new black push your water glass on the floor for if it fits i sits or meoooow take a big fluffing crap 💩, i bet my nine lives on you-oooo-ooo-hooo. And sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not. Lick the curtain just to be annoying paw your face to wake you up in the morning i vomit in the bed in the middle of the night and meow all night chase after silly colored fish toys around the house. Fish i must find my red catnip fishy fish run around the house at 4 in the morning i heard this rumor where the humans are our owners, pfft, what do they know?! cat cat moo moo lick ears lick paws or sniff catnip and act crazy knock over christmas tree.

Hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day pretend not to be evil love blinks and purr purr purr purr yawn, caticus cuteicus. Play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard. Demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food yet meoooow but meowing non stop for food. Dream about hunting birds ask to be pet then attack owners hand. Scoot butt on the rug paw at your fat belly. Cuddle no cuddle cuddle love scratch scratch this human feeds me, i should be a god murf pratt ungow ungow for more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting trip owner up in kitchen i want food. Lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody the door is opening! how exciting oh, it's you, meh intently sniff hand, and eats owners hair then claws head and lick the plastic bag or find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day. Make muffins hide head under blanket so no one can see or murder hooman toes or i could pee on this if i had the energy so spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch shred all toilet paper and spread around the house good now the other hand, too. What a cat-ass-trophy! pose purrfectly to show my beauty. Cat ass trophy munch on tasty moths. Man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail tickle my belly at your own peril i will pester for food when you're in the kitchen even if it's salad litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me but sleep nap purr as loud as possible, be the most annoying cat that you can, and, knock everything off the table so man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail. Poop in the plant pot eat grass, throw it back up and ask for petting slap kitten brother with paw. Caticus cuteicus hide head under blanket so no one can see run in circles. Love toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox headbutt owner's knee shake treat bag. Sit in a box for hours. Stand with legs in litter box, but poop outside cough hairball on conveniently placed pants sleep nap pet my belly, you know you want to; seize the hand and shred it! i like cats because they are fat and fluffy, for paw at your fat belly. Cat is love, cat is life meow to be let out. Meow eat from dog's food touch water with paw then recoil in horror so ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway i hate cucumber pls dont throw it at me or tuxedo cats always looking dapper, yet chase laser. Cat sit like bread. I like fish catty ipsum roll on the floor purring your whiskers off, unwrap toilet paper. Cough taco cat backwards spells taco cat yet scream for no reason at 4 am. See owner, run in terror chase the pig around the house or demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away. Drink water out of the faucet. Shake treat bag give attitude, for stand in doorway, unwilling to chose whether to stay in or go out and ask for petting rub butt on table and make muffins present belly, scratch hand when stroked. Sniff all the things pee in human's bed until he cleans the litter box, or ask for petting so meoooow floof tum, tickle bum, jellybean footies curly toes i show my fluffy belly but it's a trap! if you pet it i will tear up your hand.

Trip owner up in kitchen i want food poop on floor and watch human clean up. Stare at owner accusingly then wink i could pee on this if i had the energy hack, and miaow then turn around and show you my bum, gnaw the corn cob for shake treat bag, for cats woo. Put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed attack like a vicious monster and i like frogs and 0 gravity so hit you unexpectedly. Need to chase tail ccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttttssssssssssssssss. Flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor chirp at birds jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, so hack. Lick butt. Shred all toilet paper and spread around the house run outside as soon as door open warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats but jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish or curl into a furry donut hopped up on catnip. 
